com/sagarock101/saved/viewmodel/SavedNewsViewModel_Factory.java
 com.sagarock101.saved.viewmodel.SavedNewsViewModel_Factory
com/sagarock101/saved/ui/fragment/SavedNewsDetailFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.sagarock101.saved.ui.fragment.SavedNewsDetailFragment_MembersInjector
com/sagarock101/saved/ui/fragment/SavedFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.sagarock101.saved.ui.fragment.SavedFragment_MembersInjector
com/sagarock101/saved/BuildConfig.java
 com.sagarock101.saved.BuildConfig
com/sagarock101/common/BR.java
 com.sagarock101.common.BR
com/sagarock101/saved/viewmodel/SavedNewsViewModel_MembersInjector.java
 com.sagarock101.saved.viewmodel.SavedNewsViewModel_MembersInjector
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/sagarock101/widget/BR.java
 com.sagarock101.widget.BR
com/sagarock101/saved/databinding/FragmentSavedBinding.java
 com.sagarock101.saved.databinding.FragmentSavedBinding
com/sagarock101/saved/databinding/FragmentSavedNewsDetailBinding.java
 com.sagarock101.saved.databinding.FragmentSavedNewsDetailBinding
com/sagarock101/saved/databinding/FragmentSavedBindingImpl.java
 com.sagarock101.saved.databinding.FragmentSavedBindingImpl
com/sagarock101/core/BR.java
 com.sagarock101.core.BR
com/sagarock101/stylekit/BR.java
 com.sagarock101.stylekit.BR
com/sagarock101/saved/databinding/ItemSavedBindingImpl.java
 com.sagarock101.saved.databinding.ItemSavedBindingImpl
com/sagarock101/saved/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.sagarock101.saved.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/sagarock101/saved/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.sagarock101.saved.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.sagarock101.saved.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.sagarock101.saved.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/sagarock101/saved/di/SavedFragmentsBuildersModule_ContributeSavedFragment.java
 com.sagarock101.saved.di.SavedFragmentsBuildersModule_ContributeSavedFragment
 com.sagarock101.saved.di.SavedFragmentsBuildersModule_ContributeSavedFragment$SavedFragmentSubcomponent
 com.sagarock101.saved.di.SavedFragmentsBuildersModule_ContributeSavedFragment$SavedFragmentSubcomponent$Factory
com/sagarock101/saved/BR.java
 com.sagarock101.saved.BR
com/sagarock101/saved/databinding/ItemSavedBinding.java
 com.sagarock101.saved.databinding.ItemSavedBinding
com/sagarock101/saved/databinding/FragmentSavedNewsDetailBindingImpl.java
 com.sagarock101.saved.databinding.FragmentSavedNewsDetailBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/sagarock101/saved/di/SavedFragmentsBuildersModule_ContributeSavedNewsDetailFragment.java
 com.sagarock101.saved.di.SavedFragmentsBuildersModule_ContributeSavedNewsDetailFragment
 com.sagarock101.saved.di.SavedFragmentsBuildersModule_ContributeSavedNewsDetailFragment$SavedNewsDetailFragmentSubcomponent
 com.sagarock101.saved.di.SavedFragmentsBuildersModule_ContributeSavedNewsDetailFragment$SavedNewsDetailFragmentSubcomponent$Factory
